DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with
him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stake are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: [frustrated grunt]
Drago and Helios have faced off several times now and
still we've yet to be victorious.
SPECTRA: It's embarrassing!
HELIOS: Drago's been lucky. That's all.
HELIOS: My strength and abilities are far superior.
SPECTRA: Perhaps.
But your track record says otherwise.
SPECTRA: You are powerful, but in addition to
possessing the Perfect Core Energy, Drago has
also evolved after being bestowed with one of the
attribute energies.
You are mighty Helios, but Drago is perhaps even mightier.
HELIOS: Nonsense!
HELIOS: Drago isn't the only one who has evolved.
With the amount of powers I have acquired I can beat anyone.
I am perfection!
SPECTRA: Ahhh, the perfect evolution.
GUS: Master Spectra!
GUS: You need to hear this.
Sensors are showing that the Vexos are on the move.
SPECTRA: What?
GUS: Sir, it appears that they are heading toward Earth.
My guess is that they've found the Brawlers' hiding
spot and are going after the remaining attribute energies.
GUS: If they're successful in attaining them we'll be
helpless in stopping them from launching the Bakugan
Termination System.
SPECTRA: Perhaps this is a blessing
in disguise...Our final window of opportunity to
capture the Perfect Core Energy.
SPECTRA: You wanted another chance to prove
yourself...this is it Helios.
Are you ready for a final showdown with Drago...
All or nothing?
HELIOS: I will destroy Drago. Once and for all.
Believe it!
SPECTRA: Hmmph.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: All or Nothing.
DAN: This is bad!
DAN: The Vexos know exactly where we are now.
DAN: They could be here any second!
DRAGO: Take it easy, Dan.
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: We knew we couldn't hide from them forever.
DAN: But we don't have a defense plan.
SHUN: Then maybe...
SHUN: ...we should change tactics, go on the attack
and storm the Mother Palace.
ALL: [gasp]
SHUN: When I saw the BT System in
action in New Vestroia it seemed like it was being
operated by remote control.
SHUN: It would make sense that Zenoheld was doing
this from the Mother Palace.
DAN: So instead of protecting the attribute
energies, we switch our focus to destroying the machine.
DAN: I love it!
Let's go pound that BT System into a pile of rubble!
BARON: Yeah! That way we can keep the Bakugan and
New Vestroia free!
RUNO: Just make sure you don't leave us behind this time.
JULIE: Yeah, we want in!
BILLY: I wanna help too. You can count on me.
DAN: Okay! We'll all go together.
RUNO/JULIE: Yay!
ACE: And how exactly do we get there?
DAN: Huh? What d'ya mean?
MARUCHO: [grunt as he jumps] Hey.. Ace is right,
y'know...since it was destroyed we still haven't
managed to rebuild Dr. Michael's Dimension
Transporter System.
MIRA: And even if it was working, we have no idea
where the Mother Palace is...How are we supposed
to transport ourselves somewhere when we don't
know it's exact location?
DAN: [grunt] Then we find someone who does know
where it is!
RUNO: But who?
RUNO: Only the Vexos know the location of the Palace...
And I really don't think they're gonna tell us!
DAN: There has to be a way...huh... [chuckle]
DAN: There is someone else who knows.
DAN: And he hates the Vexos just as much as we do.
DAN: We just need to convince him that he
should help us.
SHUN: Hmmm?
DRAGO: You're not suggesting...?
DAN: The ex-leader of the Vexos...
DAN: ...Spectra!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: What?
MIRA: MARUCHO: Hah... You're joking...a little humour to
lighten the mood right?
RUNO: You can't be serious, Dan.
DAN: Yup.
ACE: And I thought Baron had rocks for
brains...Have you lost your mind buddy?
DAN: Hold on a sec...the Vexos are the greatest
threat we face now.
Asking Spectra for help may seem odd, but it's our
best choice.
ACE: Our best choice? !
BARON: It doesn't seem like much of a choice at all.
SHUN: Like the Vexos, Spectra is in hiding.
How would we contact him?
DAN: I dunno. C'mon, work with me here guys!
I don't see any of you shooting out any better ideas.
MIRA: There's no point.
DAN: Huh? !
MIRA: He wouldn't trust any of us.
MIRA: Even though he's my brother...
or at least used to be.
SHADOW PROVE: [evil laughter]
Oh yeah, baby...I'm gonna get me another attribute energy.
SHADOW PROVE: The Brawlers won't know what hit 'em.
MYLENE: Oh relax.
VOLT: Yeah, take it easy.
It's a little early to be celebrating.
SHADOW PROVE: Hmmph. Stick in the mud.
OPERATOR: Sensors are picking up a signal from a
Dimensional Transporter.
VOLT: How is that possible?
Shadow Prove destroyed the Earth's transporter.
OPERATOR: The signal isn't coming from Earth, sir.
It's origin appears to be from a completely
different universe.
MYLENE: A different universe?
[\u266a]
DRAGO: I really think you should reconsider, Dan.
DRAGO: Why on Earth would Spectra ever cooperate with us?
DAN: Well, normally he wouldn't...but...I still
have to figure out a way to convince him.
DAN: Otherwise we're finished...for good.
DAN: We've got a lot in common.
DRAGO: This is true.
You're both fearsome Brawlers.
And live your lives according to a similar code. But...
DRAGO: There will come a day, when one of you
doesn't walk away at the end of a battle.
DAN: Yeah. I know.
RUNO: Hey! What are you two whispering about?
DAN: Nothing.
RUNO: [giggles] You're a terrible fibber, Dan.
RUNO: Go ahead and keep your silly secrets.
In the meantime, come eat with us.
DAN: [chuffs] Okay.
DAN: I am kinda starving.
DAN: And a full stomach always helps me think better.
DRAGO: [laughs] You and me both, Dan.
DAN: [laughter] Huh?
RUNO: Dan!
DAN: Whah? What's going on?
[gasps]
RUNO: Dan!
RUNO: [gasp] Guys!
RUNO: Guys! It's Dan! He's disappeared!
MIRA: We saw it...On the monitor.
RUNO: [gasp]
[\u266a]
Oh no! Is that...?!
DAN: Whah? Where am I?
SPECTRA: Don't I get a hello?
Where are your manners?
SPECTRA: I expected better from the leader of
the Brawlers.
SPECTRA: Sorry about the smash and grab but I
didn't think you'd come willingly.
GUS: I trust the transport was painless.
I did my best to be gentle.
DAN: Gus! Spectra!
DRAGO: You've got nerve taking us against our
will...What do you want?
GUS: Silence!
How dare you speak to Master Spectra like -
SPECTRA: Just relax...
SPECTRA: Why get hung up on manners?
We should be discussing the real reason they're
here...The Perfect Core Energy that Drago possesses.
HELIOS: He means the Perfect Core Energy that's
about to become mine!
DRAGO: Try it, Helios!
DAN: Hah! It's actually kind of funny we should meet like this.
We were all just talking about you guys.
SPECTRA: Oh?
DAN: We want you to show us where the Mother Palace is.
DAN: Take us there and we'll fight Zenoheld and
the Vexos together!
GUS: Us work with you? Are you crazy?
HELIOS: They're just stalling because they're
too afraid to battle us.
DRAGO: Be quiet, Helios, and let him speak.
HELIOS: What did you say?
SPECTRA: In case you hadn't noticed, Dan...I
don't exactly play well with others.
SPECTRA: And the Brawlers would be the last people
I'd partner with.
DAN: Mira told me about you.
DAN: You want to destroy Zenoheld.
SPECTRA: Hah! [laughter] Did she now?
It's a little more...complicated, than
my dear sister thinks, I'm afraid.
DAN: Huh?
SPECTRA: My one true goal is to create a completely
evolved living organism unlike anything the world
has seen...My dream, my mission is to create
The Ultimate Bakugan
DAN: Say what?
HELIOS: It's true...
HELIOS: The ultimate being will be more powerful and
glorious than anything that has come before.
I will be the ultimate Bakugan and all will bow down to me!
HELIOS: The only thing left for me to do in order
to fulfill my destiny is to take the Perfect Core
Energy from you Drago.
SPECTRA: So there you have it. My little plan.
DAN: Can a Bakugan that mighty exist?
Do you think that's even possible, Drago?
DRAGO: I don't know.
DRAGO: But meddling with the natural order of
things can never end well.
DRAGO: Spectra's actions will have consequences.
DAN: Just hang on a second.
DAN: This ultimate creation of yours that
you've been talking about...At the end of the
day, it's still a Bakugan, right?
DAN: If that's true then...when the BT System
is activated it will be just as deadly to him as
all of the other Bakugan. So there.
SPECTRA: [gasp]
DAN: Come on!
You can't just stand by and let it happen...
It would be horrible.
DAN: Help us. Together we can stop the Vexos!
DRAGO: Together.
SPECTRA: You may have a valid point, but I'm not
just going to roll over for you, Dan.
SPECTRA: We both have something the other wants.
So why not put it to a duel.
DAN: A duel?
SPECTRA: Helios versus Drago.
If we lose, I will take you to the palace, without delay.
DAN: Huh? For real?
SPECTRA: Sure. But if I win...
SPECTRA: ...then you will surrender the Perfect Core
Energy to me!
DAN: Are you serious?
DRAGO: Dan!
HELIOS: What's wrong?
Afraid you'll lose, Drago?
SPECTRA: What do you say, Dan?
DAN: I say: Let's get it done!
DRAGO: You're going down, Helios!
HELIOS: I've been waiting a long time for this, Drago!
DRAGO: I'm ready for you Helios!
JULIE: Dan's in that spaceship up there, really?
SHUN: Yes, I think so.
BARON: Oh man!
We can't just sit here and do nothing while he's in there.
RUNO: Dan....
ACE: We have to find a way inside.
Dan might need our help.
BILLY: I'm with ya!
MARUCHO: Then what are we waiting for? Let's go!
ACE: Yeah!
MIRA: Hold on, guys! Wait!
SPECTRA/DAN: Gauntlet! Power Strike!
MARUCHO: Daaaaan!
SPECTRA: Gate Card, set!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
HELIOS: [rising mighty roar] I'm ready to
destroy you, Drago!
HELIOS: We won't be the needing the canister.
HELIOS: I'm going to rip Drago to pieces, all by myself.
GUS: Don't be crazy!
HELIOS: Stay out of my way, Gus.
This victory will be mine alone.
DAN: Are you still yappin'?
Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
Pyrus Cross Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [migty roar]
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: I'm gonna savour every moment of this.
HELIOS: Do you hear me?
Haaaaaahhhhhh!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain] [grunt]
HELIOS: Get up!
I'm not done with you yet!
DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: Smile!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
[\u266a]
DAN: Man. He's so powerful.
DRAGO: Dan!
DRAGO: Wait. Not yet.
DRAGO: Didn't you hear what Dan said earlier?
If the BT System goes fully operational, then it
will mean death...
DRAGO: ...for all Bakugan.
DRAGO: How can you stand here and
continue to fight me when you know the horrible truth?
HELIOS: That has nothing to do with me.
DRAGO: What?
HELIOS: All I care about right now...
HELIOS: ...is destroying you...Drago!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Aaaarrrggghhhh.
HELIOS: I won't rest until you're finished.
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: Now Spectra!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Ragnarock Cannon!
HELIOS: Open wide!
[\u266a]
DAN: Ability activate.
DAN: Superior Shield!
SPECTRA: He blocked the cannon!
HELIOS: [angry growl]
[\u266a]
DAN: Superior Shield is an ability that's...
DAN: ...unique to Pyrus Cross Dragonoid.
It nullifies the opponent's ability and ups
Drago's power level by 200!
HELIOS: You may think you've got me, but you're wrong!
SPECTRA: Gate Card, open!
SPECTRA: Flat Power!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Why has my power level gone back down?
SPECTRA: The Command Card Flat Power...
SPECTRA: ...returns the power levels of all the
Bakugans on the battlefield back to their base levels.
Let's go Helios!
SPECTRA: Show Drago no mercy!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DRAGO: [collision and punching]
HELIOS: [collision and punching]
[\u266a]
GUS: They appear to be equally powerful.
SPECTRA: It seems that the Bakugan's powerful will to
survive has allowed them to evolve infinitely,
constantly bettering themselves.
Which means that the only way Helios will be able to
beat Drago is...
HELIOS: Haaaahhh!
DRAGO: [exertion]
SPECTRA: Interesting...
DRAGO: Haaaaaahhhh!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
DAN: Alright! Ability activate!
DAN: Shooting Dragon!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DAN: Yeah! That's right!
GAUNTLET: Spectra Life Force 10%
HELIOS: Drago...I'm not done with you yet! Spectra!
HELIOS: Let's brawl again, right away!
SPECTRA: I don't know, Helios...If you lose again...
HELIOS: I will not lose!
HELIOS: I altered my own biology so that I would
evolve in such a way that I cannot lose.
SPECTRA: This is true.
DAN: Gate Card, set!
[\u266a]
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
HELIOS: Drrrrrrrraaaaaaaagggggoooooo!
DRAGO: [shocked, exertion]
HELIOS: This ends. Right here. Right now.
Prepare to be annihilated!
[\u266a]
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Blackout Cannon!
HELIOS: I...am...the one!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: There are no words to
describe how much I will enjoy destroying you!
HELIOS: Just like there will be no words to
describe the pain you will feel.
DAN: Ability activate!
[\u266a]
DAN: Dragon Shield!
SPECTRA: Ability activate!
SPECTRA: Chaos Boost Cannon!
HELIOS: Say goodbye, Drago!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion]
DAN: Drago!
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [laughter] Do you finally see that I am
the most powerful?
HELIOS: That I am the Ultimate Bakugan? [laughter]
DRAGO: Once again, you speak too soon.
DRAGO: You are far from the Ultimate!
DAN: Drago!
GUS: It can't be!
DRAGO: You say that others will bow before you in
your infinite power.
But why would they do such a thing when you only
fight for yourself?
DRAGO: You are not the one!
DRAGO: [exertion] I will fight...Battling not only
for myself but for all Bakugan!
DRAGO: And I will do anything to protect...
DRAGO: New Vestroia!
DAN: Yeah dude!
GUS: Oh no!
DRAGO: [exertion]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain] [exertion]
It can't be you.
I was supposed to be the one.
[\u266a]
HELIOS: I don't understand!
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: Alright! Ability activate!
DAN: Maximum Maxus Dragon!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [grunt, pain] Aaaaaaaarrrrrrrggggggghhhhh!
GAUNTLET: Spectra Life Force zero.
GUS: I can't believe it...Helios no...
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DAN: Yeah, Drago buddy.
We did it!
SPECTRA: Drago can channel the Perfect Core Energy at will.
The only way we can defeat him now and take that energy...
SPECTRA: ...is to surpass his rate of evolution.
But how do we do that?
[\u266a]
DAN: A deal is a deal, Spectra! Pay up!
MARUCHO: Oooomphh! That really hurt.
ACE: What?
BARON: Whoa! What's happening?
MIRA: Oh no!
SHUN: We're being transported!
BILLY: Huh? They disappeared!
JULIE: But...
JULIE: ...I don't understand why didn't we go too?
RUNO: Why? Because they left us behind!
[\u266a]
MIRA: Where are we?
DAN: Hey guys!
BARON: Hey, Master Dan.
DAN: [giggles]
MIRA: [gasps]
ACE: Spectra!
MARUCHO: What the...? Hey..what's going on here?
SPECTRA: I invited only those who were chosen by
the Six Ancient Warriors...
SPECTRA: ...to be bestowed with an Attribute Energy.
SPECTRA: Gus... Prepare the Dimension Transporter to take
us to Mother Palace.
GUS: Yes.
MIRA: We're going to the Mother Palace? Really?
ELFIN: Wow, you really did it Dan!
DRAGO: I played a part too, you know.
BARON: Awesome!
MARUCHO: Yeeeeaaaahhh!
SPECTRA: Thanks for showing me the way, Dan Kuso.
DAN: Huh?
SPECTRA: I owe it all to you, my friend.
[\u266a]
DRAGO: What is he talking about?
RUNO: Dan...please hurry back.
[\u266a]
DAN: We're coming for you Zenoheld...
we're gonna destroy that BT System of yours.
[\u266a]
HELIOS: Spectra, please.
HELIOS: Please help me evolve to the next level
and I will do whatever you ask of me.
SPECTRA: Very well...We should all look at this then.
GUS: Master Spectra, what is this?
SPECTRA: Bio data that details a new method of
Bakugan evolution.
SPECTRA: This was sent to me by an anonymous source
earlier today.
SPECTRA: I haven't had a chance to analyze it all
yet, but I do know that by using this data we can
bring out new powers from within the Bakugan.
HELIOS: New Bakugan powers...
SPECTRA: It's very exciting isn't it?
SPECTRA: To be entering uncharted territory like this...
[evil laughter]
GUS: As promised, we journeyed with the
Brawlers to the Mother Palace; however once we
arrived, Master Spectra had a run in with his
nemesis King Zenoheld.
GUS: No one mocks Master Spectra in front of me.
King or no king!
So I challenged Zenoheld to a Brawl!
I'll teach him to mind his manners.
GUS: Some may say that I'm out of my league, but
maybe you should tune in and be the judge.
GUS: Bakugan Brawl!
GUS: Glory to Master Spectra.
[\u266a]